weary, and weak pondered, I while dreary, midnight a upon Once
lore— forgotten of volume curious and quaint a many Over
tapping, a came there suddenly napping, nearly nodded, I While
door. chamber my at rapping rapping, gently one some of As
door— chamber my at “tapping muttered, I visitor,” some “’Tis
more.” nothing and this Only

December; bleak the in was it remember I distinctly Ah,
floor. the upon ghost its wrought ember dying separate each And
borrow to sought had I morrow;—vainly the wished I Eagerly
Lenore— lost the for sorrow—sorrow of surcease books my From
Lenore— name angels the whom maiden radiant and rare the For
evermore. for here Nameless

curtain purple each of rustling uncertain sad, silken, the And
before; felt never terrors fantastic with me me—filled Thrilled
repeating stood I heart, my of beating the still to now, that So
door— chamber my at entrance entreating visitor some “’Tis
door;— chamber my at entrance entreating visitor late Some
more.” nothing and is it This

longer, no then hesitating stronger; grew soul my Presently
implore; I forgiveness your truly Madam, “or I, said “Sir,”
rapping, came you gently so and napping, was I is fact the But
door, chamber my at tapping tapping, came you faintly so And
door;— the wide opened I you”—here heard I sure was scarce I That
more. nothing and there Darkness

fearing, wondering, there stood I long peering, darkness that into Deep
before; dream to dared ever mortal no dreams dreaming Doubting,
token, no gave stillness the and unbroken, was silence the But
“Lenore?” word, whispered the was spoken there word only the And
“Lenore!”— word, the back murmured echo an and whispered, I This
more. nothing and this Merely

burning, me within soul my all turning, chamber the into Back
before. than louder somewhat tapping a heard I again Soon
lattice; window my at something is that “surely I, said “Surely,”
explore— mystery this and is, thereat what then, see, me Let
explore;— mystery this and moment a still be heart my Let
more!” nothing and wind the ’Tis

flutter, and flirt a many with when, shutter, the flung I here Open
yore; of days saintly the of Raven stately a stepped there In
he; stayed or stopped minute a not he; made obeisance least the Not
door— chamber my above perched lady, or lord of mien with But,
door— chamber my above just Pallas of bust a upon Perched
more. nothing and sat, and Perched,

smiling, into fancy sad my beguiling bird ebony this Then
wore, it countenance the of decorum stern and grave the By
craven, no sure “art said, I thou,” shaven, and shorn be crest thy “Though
shore— Nightly the from wandering Raven ancient and grim Ghastly
shore!” Plutonian Night’s the on is name lordly thy what me Tell
“Nevermore.” Raven the Quoth

plainly, so discourse hear to fowl ungainly this marvelled I Much
bore; relevancy meaning—little little answer its Though
being human living no that agreeing help cannot we For
door— chamber his above bird seeing with blessed was yet Ever
door, chamber his above bust sculptured the upon beast or Bird
“Nevermore.” as name such With

only spoke bust, placid the on lonely sitting Raven, the But
outpour. did he word one that in soul his if as word, one That
fluttered— he then feather a uttered—not he then farther Nothing
before— flown have friends “Other muttered than more scarcely I Till
before.” flown have Hopes my as me, leave will he morrow the On
“Nevermore.” said bird the Then

spoken, aptly so reply by broken stillness the at Startled
store and stock only its is utters it “what I, said “Doubtless,”
Disaster unmerciful whom master unhappy some from Caught
bore— burden one songs his till faster followed and fast Followed
bore burden melancholy that Hope his of dirges the Till
‘Never—nevermore’.” Of

smiling, into fancy my all beguiling still Raven the But
door; and bust and bird, of front in seat cushioned a wheeled I Straight
linking to myself betook I sinking, velvet the upon Then,
yore— of bird ominous this what thinking fancy, unto Fancy
yore of bird ominous and gaunt, ghastly, ungainly, grim, this What
“Nevermore.” croaking in Meant

expressing syllable no but guessing, in engaged sat I This
core; bosom’s my into burned now eyes fiery whose fowl the To
reclining ease at head my with divining, sat I more and This
o’er, gloated lamp-light the that lining velvet cushion’s the On
o’er, gloating lamp-light the with lining velvet-violet whose But
nevermore! ah, press, shall She

censer unseen an from perfumed denser, grew air the methought, Then,
floor. tufted the on tinkled foot-falls whose Seraphim by Swung
thee sent hath he angels these thee—by lent hath God “thy cried, I “Wretch,”
Lenore; of memories thy from nepenthe and Respite—respite
Lenore!” lost this forget and nepenthe kind this quaff oh Quaff,
“Nevermore.” Raven the Quoth

devil!— or bird if still, evil!—prophet of “thing I, said “Prophet!”
ashore, here thee tossed tempest whether or sent, Tempter Whether
enchanted— land desert this on undaunted, all yet Desolate
implore— I truly, me haunted—tell Horror by home this On
implore!” I me, me—tell Gilead?—tell in balm there there—is Is
“Nevermore.” Raven the Quoth

devil! or bird if still, evil!—prophet of “thing I, said “Prophet!”
adore— both we God that us—by above bends that Heaven that By
Aidenn, distant the within if, laden sorrow with soul this Tell
Lenore— name angels the whom maiden sainted a clasp shall It
Lenore.” name angels the whom maiden radiant and rare a Clasp
“Nevermore.” Raven the Quoth

upstarting— shrieked, I fiend!” or bird parting, of sign our word that “Be
shore! Plutonian Night’s the and tempest the into back thee “Get
spoken! hath soul thy lie that of token a as plume black no Leave
door! my above bust the unbroken!—quit loneliness my Leave
door!” my off from form thy take and heart, my out from beak thy Take
“Nevermore.” Raven the Quoth

sitting is still sitting, is still flitting, never Raven, the And
door; chamber my above just Pallas of bust pallid the On
dreaming, is that demon’s a of seeming the all have eyes his And
floor; the on shadow his throws streaming him o’er lamp-light the And
floor the on floating lies that shadow that out from soul my And
lifted—nevermore! be Shall
